Which is why I'd like to give Richard Wolf a shout out for being an intellectual
who talks about communism.
I think it takes kind of a heroic intellectual right now to speak about
like communism. Seriously.
There's difficult waters to tread that the expression there's difficult
paths to war.
I love watching a robot try to use idiom in a language.
Zero zero one, one I'm I'm, uh,
quite deeply hurt by the binary comment. Are you.
Your, your feeling has gone from one to zero. Yeah.
What is it?
My buffers have overflown, uh, though, but there's difficult. I,
I feel like communism is, uh,
like universally seen as a bad thing currently in intellectual circles. Yes.
Actually, maybe some people disagree with that. People say like far, far left,
people are trying to, you know, there's, some people will argue the,
the BLM movement is some kind of Marxist. I mean,
I don't know. I don't really follow the deep logic in that, whatever, but, uh.
It was just, well, they said they were formed by Marxism,
the founder co-founder yeah.
Stating that is different than, um.
There's, there's marks the totalitarian. There's also marks to revolutionary.
And I think they're talking more like we're revolutionaries,
we're going to overthrow this.
Well. Yeah. Right. But like w w we can have that for the discussion, but I,
I just don't think they speak deeply about, uh, political systems of,
and saying communism is, uh, is going to be the righteous system that, you know,
th there's not a deep intellectual discourse, what I mean,
but if you were to try to be on stage with the Jordan Peterson,
like to me, the brave thing now,
like it would be to argue for communism may be interesting to see not many
people do it. Uh, I certainly wouldn't be willing to do it. I don't have enough.
I don't, first of all, don't believe it. But second of all,
it's a very difficult argument to make, because you will get so much fire,
which is why, like Richard Wolf.
He's one of the people who was quite rigorously showing that there's some
good ideas within the system of communism, uh, specifically saying that,
uh, attacking more the, the negative sides of capitalism.
So saying that there is, uh,
that capitalism potentially is more dangerous than communism. I mean, it's,
I disagree with that, but I think it's, uh, I love how.
Something is. Like, we've got a body count of 60 million, but this,
everything is put to, and potentially, you know,
like water can drown everyone on earth. So this is incoherent.
I think nuclear weapons are bad, but nuclear energy is good.
Sure. So your weapons are also can be good. You can easily make the argument,
which I don't know that I subscribe to that nuclear weapons prevented, uh,
boots on the ground war at all, costs me much more.
And th they're also quite,
quite effective at changing the direction of an asteroid.
That's about to hit earth as I've learned from a movie.
Again. And they're actually useful as you know, I must cause as claimed for, uh,
uh, for applications for prior to colonizing Mars,
making it more habitable. Oh, okay. So,
uh, but yes, but, well,
I guess what I'm saying is there's the place for nuance and there's some topics
so hot, like communism when you announce is very difficult to, to have.
And that I feel like with Nazi Germany,
it was a similar thing at the time.